# 1. Introduction
On one of my projects I had to generate a lot of <em>Global Release Identifiers (GRid's)</em>,
<em>International Sound Recording Codes (ISRC's)</em>, <em>International Article Numbers (EAN's)</em>
and <em>Universal Product Codes (UPC's)</em> for development and testing purposes.  All
of these are standards used within the media and music recording industry for uniquely
identifying media assets such as sound recordings, music albums, etc.

Since each of these has to be generated using a non-trivial algorithm, it was difficult to
generate a large number of them by hand.  I therefore developed this simple, JavaScript
based application that allows one to generate multiple GRid's, ISRC's, EAN's and UPC's
quickly and easily.  The values generated by the application should be used strictly for
development and testing purposes only.

<strong>Warning</strong>: Please do not use this application to generate real identifiers
for your assets.  I will not be liable for any problems, risk, damages or other actions
arising out of the use of this code for anything other than development and testing.

<strong>Note</strong>: I do not provide any support or enhancements for this application.
In case you require any changes, do note that the application is a simple HTML +
JavaScript application and you can download the source code to make any required changes.

# 2. License
This source code in its entirety is being made available under the following licensing terms.

    Copyright (C) 2014

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
    this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the
    Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy,
    modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software,
    and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the
    following conditions:

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
    INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
    PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
    HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
    CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE
    OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
